we have here and it is that so that the bun
has pronounced
things directly
I want you to give your opinion on the issue of
Olga's weeks because in the end if
Olga is wanting to carry out her affairs in
her own way the sisters in the end
are not doing her a favor not
to the sister who is being guys a
favor to be on the channel where
their sister has enjoyed it
is not again talking about the other channel that
was going to happen what we are going to talk about
the sisters already in their day had
some of them I think they had to
give her a tap because it had to
be even the twitter account because
because she was speaking as if she were
the spokesperson for the family and they were
putting words in Antonio's mouth
in videos when nobody had given her
permission to be a spokesperson for
anyone and they gave her a tap and
the twitter account had to be closed okay
people should match the date and
realize what day it was when when
the twitter account had to be
this person no I don't know if it's because of the
prominence or I don't know what it is but the
last thing I would do with the  that I
love my sister that I have a
sister and I would give my life for her
means lack, the last thing I would do is
be on a channel where I enjoy
my sisterhood where they called her a
scammer and where they have insulted
all the people who love my
sister that simply for money
aside, what this does is
three hundred sea that they look now with the
artichoke
what you can't do is put
Olga in position when she is being
discreet and that they choose your own
sisters and leave you bad
in this way, of course, I have made a video
precisely saying just that, I have
limited myself because when it comes to
talking about it I am very, very, very
respectful but it is true that
given the news of the famous
comments and the only thing the only thing I have
said has been this if the protagonists
are wanting to be calm who are
the others to
alter it is that it seems very
delicate to me all that
another thing would be that they had attacked
Olga that before nothing was to
Moreno she is silent because she left
parameters there could be a hurricane
you can give your opinion of course you can give your
opinion it has not been fluid but publicly
being her sister  and she's quiet I don't
see it I see it your sister
saying that a good father that things are going
well that he's not going to get divorced that they're
going to continue living together it's going to
help the family move forward think about
the sisters on a channel where they have
called her a Jewish dog in front of a grapevine and it is being
said again now
and apart from that it's that I don't know if I'm not
going to be on a channel where my
sister was called a scammer
it's that it's very strong and now and now they
are defending her for money
and if your sister is saying something
between the still red dwarf and has entered
through collaborators also to the
rose saying so much about life a good
father who loves each other that they are not going to
separate and that they are going to take the family
forward that they are going to have a
great relationship it doesn't seem appropriate to me that the
sisters start saying what
gifts Antonio for me to keep the
whole thing Marta
that seems to be out of place I
mean you can see that you don't like what
your sister is doing in private
leave it there
then if those same sisters at
least one of them has been defending
Antonio David during the  last ten
months and now suddenly in the last
month he says to sing already well the worst
then you're telling me what you're
telling me two things one that
Antonio David was defending during all
these months documentary in a
false and insane way that maybe he
wasn't doing it in a false way but
that I had an image so much I saw it that it's not the one you
have now therefore
I would confirm that it has no relationship nor do you have any
idea about your
sister's things because your sister doesn't tell you
also
how when it is going to arrive it will arrive on
that same channel by the
sisters also from Olga that the lawyer
both David was the lawyer who appeared
in the press and they follow them alone and then the
next day the lawyer appeared in the
trial it's
like Marisol really is that it was a
little Marisol not having any
news channel seen that
unverified
I don't like these things but if I
really feel sorry for you
demonstrating that the information that
the sisters give is not the truth
and in the end what it does is put more
[ __ ] and flatter you not totally apart from
the town that I was saying
regarding the visits that more visits
having really is that because they are a
fact
I am wrong right that I do not say it for
vacila or to boast because I am on the
contrary how many times have you invited
everyone the unit I have yet to come to
Amparo to shoot for hands for the
doors Loli Huertas marry me
thank you very much
because people added
I invite all the companions to
my channel comes it provided I tell them and will
do it there that it was because but that
these stupidities of envy
envy but envy they are envious of that it
is I know that I can be envious
with a 48
page channel of bands at half a million
please the best
but in my case I have lived that it is not about
envy that it is not about anything it is
about that you are the one who is
showing envy of course it is on site
and it is said and nothing happens and Javi has
more followers or more visits or bad
visualizations I will tell them in the
live shows well the woman will be given to you I
believe that each one
also passes millions of visits
if it is not being seen well people
want them positive messages messages of
affection
I do not stop uploading subscribers
constantly influenced the way
even if it was the  in case
I had half the viewers that
he does not criticize myself out of envy nor do I know anything
about envy but what envy are we
talking about they asked me about
Olga's sisters and it turns out that
the sisters of Holgun were commenting on
this channel what kind of sects are there that
pretend that we do not comment on facts that we
are commenting on things
these ladies
think they are pointing a
gun and what you did not know is that
each one of us on our channel we talk about whatever the hell we want that
you are not going to come and you do not want it that you
create with your account and with
your password a channel and talk about
whatever comes out of the roadster I hope that
we
Juana is that you do not understand Juana what are we
going to see
is that we are talking about the current events
that Enrique allows if that is
prohibited it is prohibited it is prohibited it
is that we are talking about the current events
and if he is in the current events and on top of that he
talks about us he talks about the tide of
those of us who are defending the tide in the
end he is putting it in me it is that you
have to understand that we cannot we
can say it no we cannot ignore the
current events and if he is in  the news
for the things he's done and
Olga's sisters have talked about on their channel we ca
n't
realize
how they are they're already here with a gun
yes
being here a gun and the other one has been
talking about us all week
throwing [ __ ] enjoying not
that they exist reported that if I don't know that it
's the same and no and no they haven't been in their
fight saying hey why are you talking about the
others
I would like to one day upload them
to calls to all these houses in the
comments I don't know why
I said when that happens when that happens it
's as if they don't hear it I don't understand
they only focus on
Juanjo's name if you say Juanjo it doesn't matter this one
gets a positive or
negative criticism what a devil
look at the comment the soft voice
look at the comment I bet because it
allows him to speak underneath but if it's
been 20 minutes towards 20 minutes since we
stopped talking about him at the beginning
of the live and they were still saying the
same thing but but we had talked about
him they
asked us but he was only
searched because it allows echoes
as if it were prohibited let's see I
know I have freedom of expression is that they
have  a problem you know where
the courts are listening to cable
what happens on my channel is equally
public and if he has to racing
some news something that I have messed up
or that I have been right that the whole
of that here I am we are and we speak
with education and respect that we all say it
I in each video I
listen to it also
respect you can say what you want
then guys I don't know who is coming to me
that if Peru that I am a colleague and for now I am
still his colleague but that does not mean
that he already comes to me in a sack with the thing about
Malaga
without putting in a sack obviously we talk
about that you know there is
no way around
the basis that we are commenting on the
comments of the weeks of Olga or of
Olga's sister in this case but let's
see if they have come out
this morning on Telecinco you can no longer
pretend that we are not commenting on it that we
are talking about
this comment I like it I have to
lose three thousand subscribers because
because I have to behave myself
then
this is not giving a choice this is that
I extend my opinion if you do not
respect it I do not believe it
I understand that outside there is no
problem
because it allows it to happen in fact in
fact I have told my community
many times I do not want extremism I do not
want to defend myself I do not want you to
go around as if I were we have not
talked about Diego of
course
and something
seeing higher for them they want you to
criticize because they are super toxic and they
like the critic a lot and now now
we love you says
because sometimes trick
[Music]